Given that the game is designed for four players to compete for 2^20 USD in the context of a game show. The following social and ethical issues come into play:
* Should the order of the player be used as a form of a tie breaker in the event of two or more players being able to win the top prize? i.e. if player 1, who is the first to arrive at the final round have precedence over player 2, who would have been second to reach the same round. This is easily solved by using a system that can synchronously process the inputs of all four users instead of asynchronously (multithreading or single threaded execution).Z This solution may not be implementable with Liberty Basic.
* Should the questions offered to the users gradually increase in difficulty or be randomly selected to give each user a statistically fair game but may instead eliminate some users earlier than others. Both cases can be solved with Liberty Basic; either by passing the output of a randomly generated float into an exponential equation that returns a value that has a higher probability to return lower numbers than higher numbers; then select questions from an array that is sorted in difficulty. Or, a simple random 1 to 40 number generator.

Social and Ethical Issues relating to the software engineer.
* Should the software engineer be allowed to participate in the game, with knowledge of the internal logic that may give them an unfair advantage over others? No.
* Should a backdoor into the final round remain within the final code for release? This backdoor should remain in the event that the gamemaster chooses to use it.
* Is it the software engineer's responsibility to continue to offer support for the consumer for an indefinite period of time? Definitely not.
* Is the Software engineer responsible for ensuring that all users who may or may not have a disability or other circumstance that may cause disadvantage while using the software be recognised and be given an alternative? Yes, but the software engineer is only morally bound to fulfil this ease of use or accessibility system. This may include limiting the use of colours that may result in colour blind users having difficulty; or interactions that may cause repeated strain injury.
